Oh
hey it's me Civic chick and I am back we
are going to try to tackle our first
problem you see the Sun Visor it looks
good right now but if you put it down
and you pay me back as you see this big
gap it causes it to Zack so we are going
to try to fix that so let's get started
the only tool needed to remove the Sun
Visor is a flat tip screwdriver what you
need to do is you need to get your
screwdriver you see this gap it's when
you want to take it off with both sides
next you remove these two screws it all
up okay if I could just get it and how's
it feel
the next video is you want to remove
some right there move it over and get
the investor
even though this visor isn't broken I'm
going to fix it the same way I did the
passenger side
now that you can remove devices from
Kuip you're going to want to write two
holes one on each side
you're going to need your bed the same
way as a surrogate postal screen
I think these allows for just over eggs
and peas now I'm going to drill my holes
and when you drill your holes make sure
you point it down like straight down
now that final video I'm going to
install enjoy your poster
put it in
now that we're posting salt you can
touch it up with a matching paint and
you'll be hardly be noticeable
now I'm going to repeat the process with
the other bison
you
not all screws are installed presently
and ready to go back a car now that I
have my name I can cover paint the heads
of the screws
I got matching grade
that's a now
you
now go to finish credit now that we're
finished you can put device back now
that this paint has dried we are going
to reinstall the Sun visors basically
we're going to follow the same steps
what we did but in Reverse
the last step is to put your two plastic
covers on and you are done
thank you for watching I hope this is
very helpful and if you liked it and it
helped a lot then please like comment
and subscribe to my youtube channel
thank you five